1. Under a Hill

When I was young, I loved exploring the passages and walkways the servants used to move around, scurrying unseen through our old home. I rarely met any others on my quests, but those I did all seemed awfully dull, focused on their tasks and unable to dream, unwilling to try. I was alone.

It was always assumed that I would serve the queen-- what else was there for me? I wasn't made for labouring, and the queen had many suitors like me (seemingly, she had a fetish for our type) but when she fell, it brought chaos. The queen was no more, and a war raged in her stead-- both at home, and in the rest of the kingdom. Her absence created a vacuum in which only a desperate struggle for power could exist. I had seen Death many times before, but never like this. It was more than I could bear. I had to escape.

I flew to one of the faraway places where the great slow towering beasts lumber about, their tops scraping the sky and their bottoms crushing everything, with no perceptible sense in their actions. 

........

I feel a rumbling. I hold very still. There is a shadow. It grows.

I am afraid.


2. Upon a Hill

When I was young, I loved exploring the passages and walkways the servants had used to move around, scurrying unseen through our old home. I rarely met many others on my quests, but those I did usually seemed to me awfully dull, and I couldn't understand why they gaped at me like some kind of horrible creature when I inquired about their dreams, or asked if they too went hunting for mysteries in the darkened passages. I was alone. 

[It's not as if we had servants, exactly - who does, nowadays? - but the memorial vestiges of that time still remain forever imprinted, preserved, within the architecture of our ancestral home.]

It was always assumed that I would serve the queen, but when she fell, it brought chaos. The queen was no more, and a war raged in her stead-- both at home, and in the rest of the kingdom. Her absence created a vacuum in which only a desperate struggle for power could exist.

In her service, or not, I flew to a faraway place full of strange people and lobbed mortars at them. They, in turn, lobbed mortars back. It felt like a game, at first, until I glimpsed Death for the first time. It was more than I could bear. I had to escape.

To comfort myself I would disappear into my mind, to fond memories of my childhood before the war. To the long passageways in the old house, where I could hide from the world and spy on the others going about their way. To the fields outside. When I ran in the meadow, my footfalls heavy in the fresh spring grass. I saw a great fire ant-hill ahead, and stopped suddenly before coming any nearer and risking tripping over it. But then I crept closer, my curiosity overwhelming my desire to avoid the danger it held. The hill was teeming with its little creatures, running over and through each other in their hurry. I fathomed no rhyme or reason to their movement, chaotic and disorganized as it seemed, but I sensed a panic that crossed the boundary from their terrible, alien minds to mine. Something was clearly amiss...

I'm shaken out of my thoughts by a rushing sound. I hold very still. There is a shadow. It grows.

In this moment, I am afraid.
